what is love of women
woman colleague write off almost nothing
do not speak
a few words said that
Yitzhak led the risk to his mother's tent
who died three years before
the director became his wife
and he loved her and was comforted after the loss
mother
a few words said that yaks
loved scattered more than libya
since it is Zaraisk yaks
worked seven years with his uncle alawar
however first wedding night
lavender in the bright wife of his eldest daughter
lucia
and only then gave him his younger wife
cottage
and besides it is said that the Iraqi was
slender and beautiful and people were weak
eyes
and in all the mother from the Jewish people
it was said that they were beautiful
Avram coming tigipko told Sariev that she
the woman is beautiful and now he has to
worry about it
and the risks said she was beautiful
when I saw a slave of Abrams who
come take or take live faces
hierarchs boris sisters twins
that is, the idea was as beautiful as
the collapse only had a weak eye
so that beauty has an important
value in the matter of love for a woman
and also said in the fifth book
pentateuch
when you go to war
against your enemies
and the Lord God will give them into their own hands and
take prisoners
you see among the captured beautiful
of women
and here wishing will want to take her to
wives and so on go on telling
all you need for this business
however, in the parables of King Solomon it is said
beautiful their reckless woman
too, which is reduced to the golden ring with us
deceptively lovely
and vanity beauty
a woman who fears the lord will
glorify
wisdom of a woman
builds her house
and the stupid ruins him with his crumbs
from all of the above Wednesday what if
husband
strive to return home early
hug children
all the families along with my wife for the meal
it means
wife knows what to do
to buy it bush
and in the traditional Jewish family
girls start learning this long before
as they rise under the wedding
baldassi
in short
just like saving drowning
and made a summit to see the drowning people themselves
so their love is like a woman
do it yourself woman